docs: added timescaledb documentation (#330)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/additional-services/postgresql.md

* [Create a Pod that has access to the secret data through a Volume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#create-a-pod-that-has-access-to-the-secret-data-through-a-volume)
* [Define container environment variables using Secret data](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#define-container-environment-variables-using-secret-data)

> ## Deploy TimescaleDB on our managed PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: I'd make it a bit more vendor neutral.

```suggestion
## Deploy TimescaleDB on managed PostgreSQL.
```

If you only want to use TimescaleDB on your cluster, ask your administrator to [provision a new standard PostgreSQL cluster](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/additional-services/postgresql/#provision-a-new-postgresql-cluster). Then set up the TimescaleDB extension.

* Connect to the created database:
```bash
\c $APP_DATABASE
```
* Add the TimescaleDB extension:
```bash
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS timescaledb;
```

!!!important

>     Note that we will not have logical Timescale and PostgreSQL DBs running on the same PostgreSQL cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Due to very different performance-tuning characteristics, Timescale and PostgreSQL databases should never run on the same PostgreSQL cluster.
```
